Docs: Add a clear indication that integrations work with TypeScript. (#13900)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/frameworks/angular.md

All available versions are [listed on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular), where they can be pulled from.

> <info-box warning>

Reviewer: Please move the infobox above the table.

> 	Starting with the v37.0.0 release, CKEditor 5 has built-in type definitions. Similarly, starting from the 6.0.0 version, the `@ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular` package also supports TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 6.0.0, you can use native type definitions provided by CKEditor 5. Check details about TypeScript support (link to general guide )
```
